POC Steps for sods-csi-plug-n-play feature (#2)
sodafoundation/examples: soda-csi-plug-n-play-poc/Readme.md

# soda-csi-plug-n-play POC

This is a poc for soda-csi-plug-n-play to experiment the possibilities of soda-csi-provisioner being used to provision the hetrogeneous csi storage solutions.

This is an experimental feature and currently provisioning of PVC has been demonstrated in this demo.

You can follow the below steps to make a POC or watch the video of this POC over [here](https://youtu.be/ytXY_dKQCYg).

## Setup

![](./Soda-CSI-Plugin.png)

> In this setup we are using two csi drivers in the same k8s env, we will use the same StorageClass with different profile ID and sod-csi-porvisioner will dynamically provision the storage's in applicable driver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this setup we are using two csi drivers in the same k8s env, we will use the same StorageClass with different profile ID and soda-csi-porvisioner will dynamically provision the storages in the applicable driver.
```
